doing my show on YouTube has changed my
life immensely over the last 10 years it
cost me my marriage cost me most of my
family sent me spiraling into a really
cringey midlife crisis I had a couple
videos that were seen over a million
times and pretty much every video I put
out was seen at least a couple hundred
thousand times
honestly was beyond my wildest dream
suddenly out of nowhere I went from
being a nobody in the backwoods of
Mississippi to having celebrities
message me and privately asked me to
come hang out with them I'm not gonna
name drop or anything because these
people didn't want to be publicly
associated with me
and I never did actually go hang out
with any of them but I had several very
well-known people messaged me and tell
me they were fans and then I started
getting messages from women like
literally some of the most beautiful
women I'd ever laid eyes on began
messaging me and flirting with me cute
local soccer moms were messaging me
asking me to have a ferris with them
I've been faithful to my wife for 16
years I think up to that point had only
been with like four women in my life I
never really felt handsome were
desirable and then suddenly when I'm
pushing 40 all these young women start
messaging me and showing interest and it
basically triggered a full-on midlife
crisis my girlfriend and I have a 14
year age gap this is correct
we met something like that and I'm now
40 and you know my approach to making
videos in the Internet has been
relentlessly keeping it real and there's
an argument that that should stop it's a
really solid argument one of my reasons
for doing that is I have a five year old
daughter my former marriage and when I
came on YouTube I kind of had two big
objectives one was to make friends and
colleagues
that's one objective some people gonna
be a friends some people are just gonna
be your colleagues and the other was to
leave a kind of time capsule here on
YouTube so that my daughter in the
future could see what kind of person I
really am really was and you know in
talking about the age gap in talking
about our relationship
period it's obvious that's
of our audience I don't even know if
they are my audience but some people
came over the channel they are really
uncomfortable with us admitting and
talking about in an honest and
down-to-earth way the intellectual
inequality between us yeah so I got one
email this morning from a woman or
someone who identifies as a woman
ostensibly from a woman horrified that I
would say or even imply that
there's any inequality between us so
that the first thing I want to say in
this video is if you have two people of
equal intelligence and a 14-year age gap
the older person is going to be vastly
vastly superior to the younger person
yeah for us to be at an equal level of
knowledge and ability acumen as I like
to say mentally at this age gap I would
have to be vastly mentally inferior you
know and if I was just catching up to
you we were at the same level and and
who wants that I mean regardless of
which way the genders go like if you're
a man dating an older woman do you want
someone who is not wiser than you if I
were dating a woman 14 years older than
me would I want someone who is not more
accomplished more intelligent you can be
in this role of teaching me things I
mean maybe yeah people see as unhealthy
or something but I mean I really
appreciate it I think I've grown so much
as a person since I started seeing you
and made so much progress as a person
that I wouldn't have made with somebody
my own age or somebody who was you know
my first relationship was with someone
who was four years older than me so you
would think that that age cap would
allow me to have become more
mentally mature but he was very he was
very intellectually lazy I mean he
really yeah you right so you are yeah
yeah you are the complete absence of
intellectual motivation you know you're
really intellectually motivated and you
inspire me to be intellectually
motivated and to try to make myself a
better person right is it let me just
ask is it oppressive to be in a
relationship of unequals what is
inequality ineluctably oppressive cuz
again it's not that hard to do the
thought experiment okay so I study
Chinese I'm trying to learn Chinese or
improve my Chinese put it that way if I
were dating a woman 14 years older than
me who was a scholar of Chinese way more
advanced than I am you know is that
oppressive is that like I think you have
to be in a place of profound insecurity
yourself to start off from the
assumption like no no no we have to be
equals or else
somehow I'm harming you just by just by
interacting with you just by loving you
we're just five by being a relationship
you know yeah why not why not start off
from when I proceed from facing up to
you in an honest and open way yeah we
all you know cope with dynamic
inequalities oh yeah and I knew before I
met you what kind of person you were I
know you didn't know as well as I did
you know you didn't know me as well as I
knew you just from right two videos but
you know I knew what kind of person you
were I knew the intellectual caliber and
I knew that you would challenge me right
but I still felt really confident that
we would be a good match and I really
was the one that yes right she wasn't
she was the one confident in the
viability doorway saying like you know
you might
over here to China and decide that we're
not right for each other like this
moment flop this I talked through all
the exit strategies she might need like
look if you want to stay in a hotel
after you get here if you want to call
it off yeah I mean I remember you saying
you might see that I'm an old man and
you might not be right I wrote to you
and said I have nose hairs I have your
hairs like you can't see it on camera
but like there were signs of aging
you're gonna see close-up you know I am
very attracted to you and I it was from
the very first time that I saw a video
of you and especially like you know I
was so confident that I would be a trip
if you charted you actually in person
and well you know the first time I met
you at the airport you know intense
connection from the very start
you were you were swept off your feet
literally literally the first word she
said to me before that you just made a
little kind of squealing noise you were
so delighted to be a part yeah yeah yeah
I mean I knew what kind of person I was
getting involved with but you you didn't
so much will you give me a chance you
know you've seen me go from somebody
that has caused you like you know you
don't know both both sides but if you
knew my side you would really not be
honest with me there's been a lot of
sorrow and a lot of agony yeah cause to
me by Melissa I think for a while I was
like I was in an insecurity of mine was
that I was younger because I was like
yes oh you you would probably be better
matched with somebody who has had more
experience right
somebody who has more educationally
somebody
an MA or PhD right so my ex-wife had a
PhD for example just yeah math I
obviously her insecurity wasn't that I
would get back together with Mac's wife
but somebody like that somebody at the
same age education you know I think
there's also an argument that if you had
gotten with somebody who was closer to
your age there wouldn't be so much
having to deal with someone who's like
emotionally and mentally just more
mature than you right like you've done
so well like you've been so kind and
loving to me despite you may not see
this on camera no I mean I think it's
true I just think it's not some of the
audience is gonna see or or understand
yeah but like to give I think a harmless
example well close when we first got
together within the first couple of
months you once really threw a tantrum
over the the dryer the clothes you know
the clothes wash and the clothes dryer
that the dryer had damaged but you had
the same teacher for seven years or so
no yeah I meant many many years she'd
had this t-shirt been in and out of the
washer and the dryer the stitching was
starting to come up but she she only had
like a childish kind of tantrum and
meltdown you know and my job was to
stand there with kind of detachment
mm-hmm you know compassion and say well
you know you know Melissa if you wash a
t-shirt again and again for seven years
like this is the kind of thing that
happens in life you know see what you
have works yeah maybe she was furious
she was livid she was freaking out over
this t-shirt and you know I I have a lot
of experience managing you know women
going crazy no I want to say to you that
we mentioned being attracted to me um I
don't think it has to do with I mean
there's a perception or an assumption
that some women specifically pursue or
fantasize
about older men I mean I think it really
is about by being your type and I've
said this in a million YouTube videos I
think like two percent of women are
attracted to me and you happen to be in
two percent you know what I don't think
I'm attracted to all women or even a
majority of women or even it's a very
small minority of women but I mean if
you had met me if somehow in another
universe with your title she met me when
I was 10 years younger than I am now you
still would have been attracted to me
yeah it's not because I'm an older man
and vice versa yeah I just say I think
what's not that I'm a match with you
because you were younger than me I'm
just saying I think the age is in that
sense incidental to the factors that'll
make you attractive yeah I remember you
saying if we had been together when I
was your age yes yes the same age you
would have been weren't less equipped to
handle sure my [ __ ] like you were just
well no but even that example with the
t-shirt where she was free him
nobody even though he's empty you there
would have been situations if you had
known me when I was 23 where you were
screaming at me and where I would have
screamed back at you you don't where I
would have were you got angry at me and
I would have gotten angry back and with
that example the t-shirt like she would
she was furious that it's not wasn't my
fault but you know I remained calm and
cool and detached and laughter but tried
to kind of philosophically coach you
about guess what all all is impermanent
no t-shirts are not made of soap and
steel but yeah I mean that's that's a
big difference sure is that I wasn't I
wasn't escalating the situation I was
de-escalating and that's how it's been
like all the conflicts in the room
like it was the one escalating it and
like I don't know if it was like just
how I operated with my other
relationships and not even like sexual
relationships but yeah what's my last
what's my prior relationship yeah I
think it was like we were both
passionate people unlike if I got upset
like he would get upset too and we would
have a fight and like you know that's
what I took as normal or like with my
brothers when I was a kid when I was mad
like they would be mad too and we
literally like fight each other
you know like this was like the kind of
interaction that I had had with people
when I had fought with them like we both
would escalate the situation and then it
would come to this everyone's screaming
and then it's over
or what don't like you you have a really
good approach to dealing with conflict
and you know there have been times I'm
like no I want you to actually like be
mad at me like say like if you if you
were younger like you would like scream
at me or whatever but right because you
know sometimes I'm just like oh you're
so like cool and collected and I'm not
you know yeah well you suck you
sometimes have envy for being 40 years
old that way and as you envy the
qualities that come with age and
experience and again I've been married
and I've been divorced I've been through
I just have a lot more relationship
management experience but you know apart
from the other qualities of Asian
intelligence you know I want to flip
around the comment about equality and
inequality I know two examples that are
both here on YouTube you know a Nisshin
right so we know about this this was a
couple of years ago he started a
relationship with an 18 year old girl
and he was over 30 at the time right uh
how stupid how mentally disabled would
you have to be to have that kind of age
gap let's say it's a 14 year age gap
whatever it really is and for the man to
really be at the same level as and
relate to an 18 year old girl like you
know the girl would have to be like a
super genius a super intellectual
eighteen year old and the man would have
to be really intellectually stunted for
them to relate to each other as as
equals with with this kind of age gap so
you know now the only person I know who
said to me openly that that was what he
was looking for
and one other youtuber were kind of
hinted at it implicitly was actually
vegan cheetah Charles Marlow
he said soso cheetah his YouTube channel
days little cheetah he spent so many
years as a drug addict and in and out of
prison that I can remember him saying to
me and he used to say this publicly on
YouTube it may still be up he said you
know he's so immature and he's so out of
touch he's so far behind people his age
that he really felt he needed to date
much younger women so he was on the same
level with them right yeah and you know
I mean he was being honest that he he I
remember he said to me the only time he
ever read a book was when he was in
prison
when he was in prison he would read
books but he was aware of his level of
ignorance and poor education and poor
intellectual development and poor self
this one cuz he'd been a he'd been a
drug addict and there's one other
youtuber I remember talking about that
where he said he felt like he felt so
far behind in his seven years of drug
addiction that you know being let his
mental maturity was way behind as his
age so I mean there are factors like
that where the age gap is one party or
the other compensating for something
they don't have for a gap in their in
their lives right but for me personally
I feel like it's the opposite I don't
need the woman to provide those things
like I don't need a woman to bring into
this relationship the things I can do
for myself to give an example I don't
need a woman to be my Chinese teacher
okay the easiest thing yeah yeah the
kettle is on you know I don't need a
woman to be my Chinese teacher I don't
need a woman to be my history or
politics teacher or anything
like that and I you know I can
appreciate I can imagine a guy who did
need that or did want that but for me at
this stage in my life I'm really
self-sufficient that way I can do my own
research I can provide my own
intellectual stimulus and direction and
what-have-you I you know I can do I can
teach myself languages I don't need a
language teacher yeah so I'm not looking
for you to provide any of that in the
relationship which it's true yeah an
older woman could provide like what you
always say that
you know all relationships are yes it's
right yeah it really is the case that
you are the one who's me with Chinese
you you taught me so much and I mean I
don't know why people see that as a
negative thing like I've learned so much
more about history and politics because
of what you know and that's what I loved
about it when I was first seeing your
channel I mean yeah of course I thought
you were attractive but like you know I
was in a relationship at the time when I
first saw your channel so I kept that
under wraps like I was you were so much
it's true I did think because you were
older and because you channel that there
was no actually relationship with you
but so yeah to airplane tickets later
that's all it took you know I I loved
your channel like I watched every video
with rapt attention like that like you
know from you I wanted to become a
better person from what I mean really I
mean you encourage people who listen to
your channel to be better people to make
the world a better place and I
appreciate being with somebody that can
challenge me in that way well I'm think
thank you for saying that level I mean
thank you for Sammy I don't know I mean
I think probably the audience is just
going to be more dug in and more
judgmental and more opposed to this
relationship I mean you know I said I
deleted a lot of really vicious comments
yesterday that were basically taking
that that approach but why is it such a
bad thing for someone to want to be a
better person
person that you saw this comment said
their relationship is more like a
teacher and student is that such a
terrible thing I mean yeah right right
they saw pause but when a Miss yeah when
initia knows in a romance with that 18
year old so in this young was in a
romance with an 18 year old makeup
artist right yeah and they played video
games together as equals
they were like equally childish so I
know you perceive this some people in
the audience like it's a really bad
thing that we do relate to some extent
as teacher and pupil right but what if
we didn't like what would that say about
me what if I had nothing to teach you
with a 14 year age yeah what if I was
like an isiand I was someone so immature
and so uncultivated was so little to
offer that all we can do is sit on the
carpet and play and play video games as
if we're a couple of teenagers okay and
having knocked over the mic I'm gonna
wrap it up
[Music]